hey guys it's Kirby today's DIY is a
BAPS all this makes the perfect gift and
I'm going to show you how to make it
right now so here's what you'll need
Epsom salt sea salt baking soda
essential oil of your choice an empty
wine bottle gloves lavender flower and
rosemary the first step is just to mix
all of your dry ingredients together so
we're going to take three cups of Epsom
salt with two cups of sea salt and then
add one cup of baking soda Epsom salt is
great at relieving stress
it's full of magnesium and fun fact when
you get stressed out it depletes your
magnesium and replaces it with
adrenaline so this is just gonna help to
really soothe you calm you down and it's
great for inflammation so if your joints
ache or maybe your feet hurt can you
some Epsom salt sea salt is actually
really great if you have an irritation
or an infection it's also been known to
help with body acne baking soda is
really great for your skin it's calming
it also helps with irritations and it
helps balance the pH of your skin
alright next add an essential oil of
your choice I'm going with lavender
essential oil and now this is actually
the really fun part you want to color
your salt now you can easily just grab
some food coloring I want mine to be
purple or lavender and you can mix them
together and you'll be good to go but I
actually have soap coloring which works
perfect for bath salts so I heat it up a
little bit on a hot plate did you decide
use food coloring be sure to put on
gloves so that it doesn't stain your
hands and if you're wondering okay if
it'll stain my hands will it stain me in
the tub no it won't the water will
dilute it so you don't have to worry
about getting stained you just want to
put your hands in start mixing it and
really just massage it so it breaks up
all the clumps and gets a nice pretty
pastel color
alright so I've massaged this it looks
good it's a really pretty blush pink
which I'm not mad at from here we're
going to chop up our rosemary rosemary
is so soothing and when you put this in
your bathtub with your bath salts it's
gonna give you this nice spa feel so you
want to chop it up very finely
be careful
and the reason why you want it to be so
fine is because it'll be easier to
funnel into your wine bottle all right
now it's time to fill up this bottle I'm
gonna put a few lavender flowers in the
bottom I might put a few sprigs of the
rosemary as well and then I'm just gonna
set it inside my big bowl and start
scooping away
okay so I just filled up my wine bottle
and as I was filling it up with the salt
I dispersed a little bit of the lavender
flower just so it has a really nice
decorative Flair how cute is that and
then to package it up you just keep that
cork stick it right in now if you're
giving these away Sparty favors or even
gifts all you need is some twine and a
cute little tag you can write their
names on it you're good to go
I'm Kirby I'll see you next time on pop
super geeky